{"data":{"zodiac":"Horse","year":"2020","content":[{"title":"OVERVIEW","content":["Horse natives, you’re now at the halfway point of your twelve-year cycle. This is seen by many as a challenging time, but you can take steps to make this year one of your best. In metal Rat years, the world is looking away from Horse and toward Rat. You’re used to getting attention and support, but this year it could feel like your family and friends are all focused elsewhere. You might have to stamp your feet and make a little noise to get your due, but this is no challenge for the social, vivacious Horse. Draw some attention to yourself and you’ll find the success you're looking for.","While harvest periods (like the one you're in) are abundant, they’re also busy times. It can be helpful to let go of things in your life that haven’t brought you results. You can benefit from time management and finding help with things you don't enjoy doing.","There is a lot of energy focused on home and family this year. You may be moving or welcoming someone into the house. This is a good year to build a house or renovate your current home. You show good connections with neighbors as well. If you've had trouble in your neighborhood in the past, you should see some marked changes in that situation this year.","There could be an addition to the family this year. There may be a child born, adopted, or added to the extended family. The “furry children” count, too. You might be welcoming a new pet."]},{"title":"CAREER","content":["You have an opportunity this year to realize an important goal. The biggest payoffs come from direct action, such as changing jobs, transferring to a new department, or having a meaningful conversation with your manager about the options for a promotion going forward. If you like your job, it's good to really apply yourself this year. Then take your list of achievements to your boss. It's easy to be overlooked if you aren’t deliberately beating your own drum.","If you're looking for work, you can find something you like with a schedule you can live with. Look for opportunities through family connections and referrals from friends. Consider working for the family business even if you've avoided it in the past. You might try working at something new this year, but the most money and success will come from harvesting what you planted years ago or by doing something related to family.","The new moon in mid-August shows career energy improving, and there can be a bonus or other perk you gain from a traditional employer. If you work a nontraditional job, you could get extra hours and find more money in your pocket by the end of the pay period.","The full moon at the end of December indicates you’re making good progress on a cherished goal. Reach out and contact people who can help you. You may have assistance from someone who’s touted as an influencer or one who has already had considerable success."]},{"title":"LOVE","content":["Horse natives often enjoy more popularity than the other signs of the Chinese zodiac. But in a metal Rat year, it seems like you’re ignored by those you've been loving and loyal to for a long time. This isn't their fault; this is just the shifting energy. So, this year it's good to turn your naturally cheerful enthusiasm up a notch. Consider organizing some parties or fun activities, because as the host, you will be noticed.","If you already have a significant other, this year you can improve this relationship by cherishing each other. Spend some time on a regular basis complimenting and encouraging your partner and let them do the same with you. This will give you a reason to dance together.","If you're looking for love, you’re in luck because you have some interesting opportunities coming up. But you must move quickly this year. Don't play hard to get (which isn't your style anyway) waiting for the other person to call first. If you see someone you're interested in, ask them out. The Horse native who hesitates may miss out.","The full moon in early April could take your love relationship to the next level. This is a good time to propose being exclusive with each other, living together, or even marrying.","The new moon in late April shows love is in the air. If you're looking for a relationship, the stars are aligning in your favor. Look to meet people in areas where tourists are, such as amusement parks, national parks, recreation centers, and museums."]},{"title":"HEALTH","content":["Horse natives are known for their vitality, but in a metal Rat year, you could find your temper affecting your sense of well-being. You benefit this year from meditation, yoga, or other peaceful activities. Cultivate happy thoughts and your health will improve.","This is a good time to focus on simplifying your exercise plans and bringing your diet back to a wholesome, healthy place. You don't need to spend money on expensive home equipment. It's better to exercise where you can be social. Consider joining a local gym or the YMCA.","The new moon in late March brings you information about a new health or diet plan that’s quite good for you. Consider doing it with a friend so you can help each other.","The new moon in mid-September shows a healing can take place now. This might be related to something physical, but it also could be a matter of the heart."]},{"title":"WEALTH","content":["Your finances show some changes this year. This could be due to an increase at work, but it’s more likely there is some additional source of income. You may have a side business or hobby that takes off. You have an opportunity for a moneymaking venture with a sibling or neighbor. There could be a source of money connected to your home.","Don't be shy about asking for what you want. Be polite but firm when demanding to be paid. Kick up a fuss if anything seems unfair, and let your presence be known. When you get what you want (and deserve), show gratitude and you’ll win both financially and socially.","The full moon in early March shows an investment opportunity available to you. No need to rush into this. Take your time to study this before jumping in. In metal Rat years, the most success comes from calculated risks, not gambling."]}]},"success":true}