{"data":{"zodiac":"Ox","year":"2020","content":[{"title":"OVERVIEW","content":["Ox natives are enjoying the last year of their twelve-year cycle. This is a year when you want to focus on doing what you've been putting off for years until you knew in your heart that everything else had been done. This year there is no more waiting to do what you want to do. This is a time to take all you've been working on over the last eleven years and profit from your experience through job growth, as well as use the skills you've gained in connecting with others to bring you better relationships.","For the past decade you’ve been digging for treasure, and now your shovel hits pay dirt. It's time to focus on your goals instead of filling your days with tasks assigned to you by other people. You can uncover the bounty you've been looking for. You've come a long way and you've worked hard. Now you can rest and reap the rewards. You can find financial and emotional success this year.","This is a good year to let go of what you no longer need. This can mean letting go of emotional burdens or decluttering the closets, garage, attic, and basement in your home. It would be good to eliminate distractions and emotionally draining people as well. When you start to connect with what's important in your life, you’ll see the universe offer nuggets of opportunities and other benefits to help you."]},{"title":"CAREER","content":["Your work life remains stable even as you begin to crave some change. Your routines are well established, and the people you work with find you reliable and consistent. Even though staying at your current job could be quite comfortable, there's a part of you looking for a new job. In metal Rat years, there is a strong pull toward taking bold action. However, this is a good year for you to use your usual caution and make changes in your career only when you're sure the new position is yours.","You’re naturally intuitive, especially in business, and if you sense there is instability in your company, you need only send out a spiritual message (through meditation, prayer, or perhaps by lighting a candle) to open up a new way forward. Send a message to the universe and the opportunities will flow in.","The full moon in early April puts your mind on finances. You can petition a manager for an increase and remind them of the good job you've been doing. There are some opportunities for a promotion within the company if you're interested. In metal Rat years, you have luck when you ask for higher positions and more responsibility.","The solar eclipse in mid-December brings a work opportunity you've been patiently waiting for. What you've wanted finally shows signs it's going to go through. There may be a contract for you to negotiate or some salary points to talk about, so be certain to tell them all that you're bringing to the table in talents and abilities."]},{"title":"LOVE","content":["For Ox natives who have a committed partner, this year you're putting the romance back into your life. Bring back date night. You could be considering a drive to “lookout point” where you can cuddle in the car or taking a stroll on the boardwalk hand in hand. But you’ll probably do something Ox natives find truly romantic: sitting together on the sofa and reviewing your retirement accounts while discussing how happy your future will be.","For Ox natives who are looking for love, this is an exceptional year for romance, especially meeting a special someone through friends and acquaintances. In this case, romance most likely will lead to excitement behind closed doors. Even Ox natives who haven't been in a relationship in some time will have opportunities.","The full moon in early March can bring love. If you're looking for love, you could be hit by Cupid's arrow when you least expect it. Spend time around new people so love can find you. Vary your routine. Explore your town. Try new places on the weekends even if you’re just getting coffee. As you meet new people, your chances of finding love during this period go up substantially.","The full moon at the beginning of September is a period when love relationships can be intensely romantic. You might be caught up in emotion. This could surprise those around you because Ox natives are usually very practical and not given to flights of emotional fancy. All this focus on love could cause you to be late for appointments more than once."]},{"title":"HEALTH","content":["Ox natives generally enjoy good health and this year is no exception. The old phrase “strong as an ox” is true; your endurance is legendary. In metal Rat years, people can worry, and this may cause you some sleepless nights. It's very important to have a good bedtime routine that relaxes you and helps you fall asleep quickly.","The full moon in early February brings positive healing energy. You may receive some medical assistance from a professional or an alternative health care practitioner. It's a good idea to treat yourself to some downtime. Grab a good book and soft blanket and find a warm corner to relax.","The new moon in mid-September finds you doing a health routine that is really proving to be beneficial. You’re feeling better and may have much more energy now. This could be a different way of eating or a new exercise program. Keep it up. It's working."]},{"title":"WEALTH","content":["For Ox natives, prosperity tends to come through hard work, but this is a year when you can rest and still make good money. The warning here is to not be swayed by news stories telling you to rush into a decision or take hasty action. This is a time when your natural slow pace is the correct one. Don't let others hurry you into a financial decision you're not completely comfortable with.","The new moon in late February brings you a lucky two-week period. During this time you can take more risks and gamble a little. The emphasis is on “little.” Ox natives are too frugal to waste money on bad bets.","The full moon in early May shows a financial windfall coming to you from a source you never thought would come through. This could be the repayment of an old debt or selling something you’re surprised anyone would buy."]}]},"success":true}