{"data":{"zodiac":"Snake","year":"2020","content":[{"title":"OVERVIEW","content":["Some see the metal Rat year as a challenging year, but what Snake natives think when they see a mouse is, “Oh, good. Dinner.” Success isn't hard to find as long as you're willing to make some adjustments, and progress will certainly be easier than last year. Creative solutions to your challenges will be key. You’ll receive helpful information when you ask good questions. Additionally, you can find support for your projects and workload when you need it. It's just a matter of what you're willing to delegate.","The sideways movement of the Snake can mean you like to move around the edges of things rather than committing 100 percent to a project or path. This may not be the fastest way to your goal this year. Making quick decisions and jumping on opportunities will help you in your career and in finding new relationships. Things will move quickly this year, and if you wait to ponder, you may miss out on something of value. Clearly define your goals at the beginning of the year and then you’ll know whether to move forward when the opportunity appears.","There is a lot of energy around creativity and children. If you have adult kids, you can expect them to want to be in your life a great deal this year. If you don't have kids, consider the completion of a big creative project akin to giving birth and having a “child” to nurture as you put this project out into the world."]},{"title":"CAREER","content":["Now we come to the strongest area for you this year. The difficult energy of last year is now done and you're coming out of the shadows. Co-workers and managers are starting to see your value to the organization and how much they really need your wisdom. They enjoy your charming presence. It’s more likely you’ll be surrounded by people you like (or at least who annoy you less) than you have in a while.","Your powers of attraction are strong, especially when it comes to pulling in a job opportunity. If you're looking for work, it's good to reach out to past managers (even in other cities) to see how they can help in your job search. If you want to start a business, you can find help through online resources. Look for free courses to study technology, affiliate marketing, or other trending sources of income.","The new moon in late May has you possibly receiving recognition at work for a job well done. The path is opening soon for you to move into a better position either within your current career or on a new path. It's good now to establish meaningful contacts with colleagues and business people.","The full moon at the beginning of September shows you're humming along. A work project is completed successfully and brings you some compliments from the higher-ups. If you own your own business, you may receive a good boost in sales this month from some creative work done by you and your team."]},{"title":"LOVE","content":["Love opportunities are more abundant this year than last year. This can mean growing closer to your partner in your committed relationship. The relationship you have can deepen as the two of you share new experiences. You are a problem solver, and when there's adjustment energy like you’re experiencing this year, you are in your element and happily finding the best way forward. Your partner will admire your wise and thoughtful choices. And you can improve your relationship by listening to their advice and incorporating some portion of it in your solution.","You are a romantic, and metal Rat years can be emotional ones. Chances are your relationships will be both intense and satisfying. If you're looking for a romantic relationship, you're in luck. Your hypnotic energy can bring you a sweetheart even if you just make minimal effort. Look to meet someone in places where people do creative things like art, dance, or theater.","The full moon in early February could see a lover or friend from the past returning to your life. You have an opportunity to restart this relationship. If you've been looking for love, this may be a prayer answered.","As the new moon occurs in late March, Snake natives already in a love relationship have a great opportunity to grow closer to your partner. Take the time to pay your sweetheart special compliments. Any effort you make in this area will give you wonderful results. You’ll receive smiles by day and maybe more at night."]},{"title":"HEALTH","content":["Snake natives are usually quite healthy and this year is no exception. You may find a really good eating plan for yourself. If you've wanted to lose weight, this new way of eating could be the ticket. Additionally, you find the high energy of the metal Rat year good for your exercise routine, especially if you like high-intensity training. You could also benefit by walking, running, swimming, or dancing.","The full moon in early March has you possibly going back to an old exercise routine that helps with a persistent health issue. You may want to return to a personal trainer you've had before. Or this could be the time you get back to the gym.","The new moon in mid-November shows a great opportunity for healing. This may mean you find the right practitioner and you really notice improvement in both your body and your outlook. It’s likely you'll notice things getting better over these two weeks."]},{"title":"WEALTH","content":["This year you have an opportunity to make more money and have funds to set aside. You are naturally lucky when it comes to money because you have an eye for the pennies. In a metal Rat year, it's not pennies falling from heaven, it's dollars. And it takes a wise, clever Snake to see where the dollars may land. You can slide in and scoop it up. This goes for your family, too. You will clearly see where your partner and adult children can improve their financial picture. With any luck, they’ll listen to you.","The metal Rat year begins with the new moon on January 24, and luck moves into your area of finance. This gives you more options when it comes to finding helpful people or creating fiduciary options for yourself. You can find funding for education or building projects, but do pay attention to the terms, and avoid contracts that put a balloon payment at the end of the term."]}]},"success":true}