{"data":{"zodiac":"Rabbit","year":"2020","content":[{"title":"OVERVIEW","content":["During this metal Rat year, you’ll have more time to relax while having access to what you need to make your year great. Additionally, you’ll have loyal friends and family members who want to be with you to keep you company. You’re in harmony with the energy this year, and you’ll find benefits in doing what you naturally do with organizing resources and using them prudently.","This year Rabbit natives may be asked to adjust and change, sometimes to suit the whims of others. Fortunately, this is no issue for the quick, versatile Rabbit. What you want is there for the taking, though it may not appear to be exactly right until you work with it a bit. The road ahead has many people giving you their advice. Trust in your heart. You will know the way.","The strongest energy this year is the clear path toward your goals. Obstacles from previous years have fallen away. In metal Rat years, everyone is in a hurry, but there's no force on earth that can rush a Rabbit. You won't get flustered, you won't be intimidated. And by moving at your own speed, you’re able to see opportunities that others have missed.","There is a call for you this year to take the lead on something for the community. This might mean getting involved in politics, your church, or a humanitarian organization. Even if the position is temporary, it's important to step up. You’ll feel a great sense of fulfillment as you help the cause you believe in."]},{"title":"CAREER","content":["At this point in your twelve-year Chinese zodiac cycle, you are at the height of abundance energy. You can bring in opportunities for your career based on the work you've been doing over the last decade. You have your accomplishments and a long list of contacts. Now put them to use if you want to move up in your career or find a new position. Many Rabbit natives would prefer to let their actions to speak for them, but in the noise of this metal Rat year, it would be good to speak up for yourself and announce to the world what you've been doing and what you're good at.","You might want to make a change in your career trajectory, and there are opportunities to start heading down a new path, but keep your day job for as long as you can while you build your dream position into something that can support you and your family.","The new moon in late March is when you can receive a solid pat on the back from a manager or person you admire. They’re impressed with your abilities.","The full moon at the beginning of October is perfect if you want to change jobs. This is a good time to do a job search. There are some openings that could come up within your current company or with a competitor. You may be approached by a headhunter or find a colleague who's willing to recommend you. You can do well in salary negotiations now."]},{"title":"LOVE","content":["Relationships are highlighted this year for Rabbit natives. You can find love and start a really fulfilling relationship. Rabbit natives have good judgment, and this year you can navigate the waters of social interaction to meet the right people who can lead you to love opportunities. If you're looking for love, you can find new people to meet in places of education and spirituality.","For those Rabbit natives who are already in a committed partnership, you can find contentment this year and really feel fulfilled in this relationship. There will be chances to have deep, meaningful conversations that bring you and your beloved closer together. You’ll see eye to eye on more topics. And while there will still be ideas you differ on (like politics and maybe favorite sports teams) you're finding ways to make it work.","The full moon in early May is a very strong romance period for you. If you're looking for love, it's close by. You need only go out and meet new people. Post your profile on a dating website or two. Or update your profile on sites you're already using. Block out times in your schedule for coffee with new people. Pull together a special outfit you'll wear for the meeting.","The solar eclipse in late June is when an established love relationship could be substantially improving. It might be time to move it to something more permanent, such as moving in together, getting engaged, or, if you're already married to each other, establishing a romantic date once a week."]},{"title":"HEALTH","content":["Rabbit natives are sensitive people who can forget to take care of themselves, especially when you’re quite busy. In metal Rat years, there can be such a focus on hopping after goals that you may forget to eat, sleep, or otherwise watch out for your health. Keep your fridge filled with fresh fruits and veggies. And schedule time off for yourself every week.","The lunar eclipse in early June signals that a change of eating habits or exercise is wise now. You may have fallen back into some bad habits. During this time it won't be hard to get back on track. You love and respect yourself by treating your body well.","The solar eclipse in mid-December highlights a very good time to eat healthfully and exercise. Many around you may have seasonal colds. As you take care of yourself and get plenty of rest, you can sail through the holidays."]},{"title":"WEALTH","content":["There's a strong focus this year on self-reliance for Rabbit natives. And you may be looking at your five-year plan with new enthusiasm. You have good goals worthy of your time and energy. Use visuals to inspire yourself to stay on track with your financial aspirations. Aggressively saving your money this year can mean achieving your dream sooner than you thought possible.","The full moon in early February brings an emphasis on finances as you find a new source of potential wealth. The question is whether you’ll have time to apply yourself to this project while others are pulling you in different directions.","The new moon in late May shows finances are the focus and there's a chance of a windfall. But there may also be an unexpected expense that uses up the extra cash. This is a sign that you're protected by the universe. As problems happen, a solution will appear."]}]},"success":true}